Christi Parsons and Christi you are
going to get the last question Christi
is you know I just I've been knowing her
since Springfield Illinois when I went
when I was a state senator she she'd
listen to what I had to say so the least
I can do is give her the last question
as president United States going yeah
there you go
go ahead thank you and I have a personal
question for you the first lady put the
stakes of the 2016 election in very
personal terms in a speech that
resonated across the country
and she really both the concerns of a
lot of women LGBT folks people other
color many others and so I wonder now
how you and the first lady want talking
to your daughters about the meaning
this election and how you interpret it
for yourself you know every parent brags
on their daughters or their sons you
know if your mom and dad don't brag on
you you know you got problems but man my
daughters are something and and they
just surprise and enchant and impress me
more and more every single day as they
grow up and so these days when we talk
we talk as as parent to child but also
we learn from them and I think it was
really interesting to see how Malia and
Sasha reactive they were disappointed
they paid attention to what their mom
said during the campaign and believed it
because it's consistent with what we've
tried to teach them in our household
what I've tried to model as a father
with their mom and what we've asked them
to expect from future boyfriends or
spouses but what we've also tried to
teach them is resilience and we've tried
to teach them hope and that the only
thing that is the end of the world is
the end of the world and so you get
knocked down you get up brush yourself
off and you get back to work and that
tended to be their attitude I think
neither of them intend to pursue a
future of politics and in that too I
think their mother's influence shows but
both of them
have grown up in an environment worth I
think they could not help but be
patriotic to love this country deeply to
see that it's flawed but see that they
have responsibilities to fix it and that
they need to be active citizens and they
have to be in a position to talk to
their friends and their teachers and
their future co-workers in ways that try
to shed some light as opposed to just
generate a lot of sound and fury and I
expect that's what they're going to do
yeah they do not they don't mope and and
and what I really am proud of them but
what makes me proudest about them is
that they have also don't get cynical
about it they have not assumed because
their side didn't win or because some of
the values that they care about don't
seem as if they were vindicated that
automatically America as somehow
rejected them or rejected their values
or I don't think they feel that way I
think they have in part through us Moses
in part through dinner time
conversations appreciated the fact that
this is a big complicated country and
democracy is messy and it doesn't always
work exactly the way you might want it
doesn't guarantee certain outcomes but
if you if you're engaged and you're
involved then there are a lot more good
people and bad in this country and
there's a court decency to this country
and
that that that they got to be a part I
lifting that up and I expect they will
be and in that sense they are
representative of this generation that
makes me really optimistic I
I've been asked I had I've had some off
the right conversations with some
journalists where they said okay you
seem like you're okay but really really
what do you think and I said no I what
I'm saying really is what I think I I
believe in this country I believe in the
American people I believe that people
are more good than bad
I believe tragic things happen I think
there's evil in the world but I think
that at the end of the day if we work
hard and if we're true to those things
in us that feel true and feel right that
the world gets a little better each time
that's what this presidencies tried to
be about and I see that in the young
people I've worked with I couldn't be
prouder of them and so this is not just
a matter of no drama Obama this is this
is what I really believe it is true that
behind closed doors I cursed more than I
do sometimes I get mad and frustrated
like everybody else does but at my core
I think we're going to be okay
we just have to fight for it we have to
work for it and not take it for granted
I know that you will help us do that
thank you very much press for good luck
all the questions